More than 300 languages are spoken in London. So when you are in London, the chances of finding someone who speaks your change is really high up there.
London is one of the richest cities, with more than 70 billionaires.
There is a Cereal Café in London which serves more than a 100 varieties of cereals from different parts of the world. On your holiday to London, your breakfast is sorted.
In 2016, London was ranked as the 6th most expensive city to live in. So if you have  a big fat saving, then you can move to London. But if not, then no Sir, London is not  your place. You should be content with a London holiday instead. Don’t hate us for  saying this.
The Romans were the first to make London their home.
London was not always called London. Before settling in on the name ‘London’, it had a series of names – Londonium, Ludenwic, and Ludenburg!
The iconic clock tower isn't called Big Ben. One of London's most famous landmarks operates under a false identity -- its real name is simply The Clock Tower. Big Ben is the name of the bell within.
It is illegal to die in the Houses of Parliament. So, don't even think about it unless you want to be accused of seriously flouting the law.
Hitler wanted to dismantle Nelson's column and rebuild it in Berlin.
Perhaps the strangest pub name is I Am the Only Running Footmanin Mayfair.
More than half of the London Underground network in fact runs above ground
The last person to be executed at the Tower of London was German solider Josef Jakobs in 1941.
Taxi drivers must know all the streets and pass the 3 year course “Knowledge”.
In 2008, the name Muhammad became the most popular for newborn boys in London.
London Eye is 135 meters high and is tallest Ferris wheel in Europe. The number of capsules for passengers represents the number of suburbs of London — 32. Each “Cabinet” weighs about 10 tons, and can accommodate 25 people.
In 1666 in London there was the biggest fire in the history of the city, called the Great London Fire. About 60% of the city was on fire for over 4 days, the fire destroyed more than 13 thousand buildings. The restoration of the city continued for several decades. According to official data, only 8 people died.